Please come in.
What?
What's wrong with you?
You're a fool.
Why did you come here today?
I'm a fool.
I came here because my sister died.
You're a fool.
I was a housekeeper.
I'm a housekeeper.
I came here because I wanted to see you.
I wanted to see you.
I saw you.
So I went inside and asked you to buy that house.
You said you wanted to see me.
I said yes.
I said yes to my dad.
I said, I'll be your wife.
I was angry.
I thought I was the one who gave birth to you.
You were sleeping when I told you to.
I was angry.
I was angry because my sister died.
Don't talk about my sister.
You keep saying they will pay
Not me
Bring my sister today
Go to my house
Don't pay
Maybe
Take it
We'll have sold out
Please
How much do you want?
I said someone saidок 더
First, I was there
No guys
I talked
My body or the My body
I talk
Or I'm the T pivot
There are so many arguments
So,I feel
You should have said something.
I won't, and you won't.
Yossha no yo yo yo to sa no kora sa.
Do you want to go too?
Sit down and say.
Tee to se!
Where did you hear that voice?
Did you just fall asleep?
Yossha no yo yo yo to sa no kora sa.
Was it heavy?
You were just singing.
Tee to se!
Where did you hear that voice?
Where did you hear it?
What did you say?
You're talking nonsense.
I'm not talking nonsense.
Yossha no kora sa!
You were singing too.
Yossha no yo yo yo to sa no kora sa.
You're talking nonsense.
Was it heavy?
I don't want to talk.
Yossha no yo yo yo to sa no kora sa.
Where did you hear that voice?
I don't want to talk.
You're talking nonsense.
Hey, come here.
I don't want to talk.